you
I started my journey on the southeastern
coast of Thailand just near the
Cambodian border a place steeped with
culture history architecture and of
course really great food I think I found
myself in one of the most quaint streets
in Thailand a historic Street in junta
bori along the river it's absolutely
incredible and I've parked myself right
here alongside this lady who's selling
these Kannamma it's like a sticky rice
and young coconut wrapped in the leaf
that they Thatcher ooze with and then
grilled over charcoal but I'll have that
later what I'm going to cook now is PUD
tag bung gut K which is a pad thai using
chicken and prawn and the noodles are
actually made right here in this area so
let's get started so first we'll just
light our gas okay pad thai is very
simple but you have to watch it and you
have to stir regularly okay we're going
to start with just a few tablespoons of
oil and the first thing to cook is some
garlic but not on to high heat and just
let the aromatic characteristics of the
garlic come out and once you can smell
the garlic we add the chicken and the
prawn
busy little street so I do harp and then
next we add some tofu the tofu adds a
lovely chew to the dish and always Pad
Thai tofu next we're going to add the
noodles and the noodles have been soaked
in water really important when you're
making pad thai to soak the noodles in
water overnight and that way you don't
have to add any more liquid to the dish
so that we add one egg just cracked in
just move the egg around let it cook
before you stir it through the rest of
the noodles
okay some tamarind tamarind makes it
nice and sour
and then a touch of brown sugar just
about one teaspoon is perfect and then
we add some fish sauce some oyster sauce
just a tablespoon
and then we finish the dish using some
garlic chives just torn up turn off the
heat some bean shoots
mix through and then the final
ingredient just some pickled daikon just
have a quick taste
splashmore fish sauce and it's ready to
go
okay now whenever you're serving any
type of noodle dish I always suggest
using tongs and then lift the noodles
out of the wok and then when you put
them down give them a bit of a twist
just to give us an extra height and then
let all the goodies land on top
okay to finish that off a couple of
wedges of lime some more fresh bean
shoots on top and some of the whole
garlic chives that you just pick up and
chew really simple and then some peanuts
over the top and there you have it
Pub tae Gong cup guy right here in the
most amazing Street in Chanthaburi